Add worker challenge for Windows (#109)
gravitational/careers: challenges/systems/challenge-1-windows.md

opportunity to review your code and provide feedback. Feel free to merge each
PR after you have two approvals.

Our team will do their best to provide a high quality review of the submitted
Pull Requests in a reasonable time frame. You are spending your time on this,
we are going to contribute our time too.

After the final submission, the interview team will assemble and vote using a
"+1, -2" anonymous voting system: +1 is submitted whenever a team member
accepts the submission, -2 otherwise.

In case of a positive result, we will connect you to our HR and recruiting
teams, who will work out the details and present an offer.

In case of a negative score result, the hiring manager will contact you and share a
list of the key observations from the team that affected the result.

### Testing

Add a couple of high quality tests that cover happy and unhappy scenarios.

Do not try to achieve full test coverage. This will take too long. Take two key
components, e.g. authentication/authorization layer and networking and implement
one or two test cases that demonstrate your approach to testing.

### Dependencies

Please write as much of your own code as possible. Avoid relying on third

> party dependencies for key components of the challenge(cgroups, output

Reviewer: There are no cgroups on Windows, maybe something like:
```suggestion
party dependencies for key components of the challenge(job objects, output
```
